Namu Amida Butsu
Psychics
Amino Acid Fertilizer
Potting Compost
Executing the Exorcism!!
Trial Course 2,000 yen
Serious Course 5,000 yen
All-Out Course 12,000 yen
Refer us to a friend and get an extra
5% reduction!! Add-on exorcism 20% off!!
High-Level Spirit
Wriggle Wriggle
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
3 times a day! Organic Fertilizer
Liquid Fertilizer - Humus
If you have 3 evil spirits, the exorcism
fee on 1 of them will be on the house!!
This Month Only
Umami 0%
Mob Psycho 100 II
We're Looking For Our God.
The Psycho Helmet Religion
Arithmetic I
Student Council
Student Council President
Hardcore Training Montage
Student Council President Election
Voting Results
1st Kamuro - 2nd Nakayama
3rd Morishige - 4th Kageyama
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
I'll be waiting for you behind the school.
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 21%
Mob Psycho 100 II
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
What?
One Week Later
No going back…
Adventure
Ripped Apart
~Someone Is Watching~
Progress Toward
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 27%
Urban Legends
~Encountering Rumors~